Update github docs (#868)
encoredev/encore: docs/how-to/github.md

your Pull Requests, and provision Preview Environments for each Pull Request.

<img class="max-w-lg w-full mx-auto" src="/assets/img/git-linked.png" />

## Configure deploy trigger

> When using GitHub, you can configure Encore to automatically trigger deploys when you push to a specific branch name.
> By default, Encore uses `master` as the branch name. To change this, go to the **Overview** page for your intended environment and click on **Settings**. On the settings page, change the **Branch name** and hit save.

Author: ```suggestion
When using GitHub, you can configure Encore to automatically trigger deploys when you push to a specific branch name.
To configure which branch name is used to trigger deploys, open your app in the [Cloud Dashboard](https://app.encore.dev) and go to the **Overview** page for your intended environment. Click on **Settings** and then in the section **Branch Push** configure the `Branch name`  and hit save.
```
